missouri's Michael Sam the SEC Defensive
Player of the Year and the first openly
gay player in the NFL was the 249 pick
in that draft now you'll never convince
me there were 248 better college players
and better NFL prospects in that draft
248 better than the SCC's Defensive
Player of the Year there's just no way
now Cowboys owner Jerry Jones says they
didn't draft him because he's what they
called a tweener too small to play one
spot too slow to play another and he
might very well be the NFL landscape is
littered with great college players who
couldn't make it in the NFL
Michael Sam might very well be another
one and who would know better when it
comes to drafting college players than
Jerry Jones st. Louis finally took him
into seventh round the 249th player
taken in a 256 player draft and when Sam
was seen celebrating with his family and
boyfriend the world apparently shook we
almost collided with the Sun and yet
somehow we have survived another day
former Texas quarterback case McCoy
tweeted after seeing that picture on
ESPN ESPN are you serious which
ironically is what most Texas fans said
every time Case McCoy ran on the
football field now I don't understand
how Texas didn't have a single player
drafted the first time that's happened
since 1937 and how Jackson Jeff Koch the
Big 12's Defensive Player of the Year
wasn't drafted either apparently another
tweener who will get his chance in
Seattle now and I do not understand why
so many people are so afraid of a gay
man in an NFL locker room I think the
other players are going to be okay I've
worked with gay men in my station and in
my department for more than 40 years now
and not one of those guys has ever hit
on me and I'm starting to get a little
ticked off about it not now but hey in
my day I was a good-looking guy he had
nobody tried and if L Commissioner Roger
Goodell says we truly believe in
diversity and this is an opportunity to
demonstrate it 248 players taken then
Michael Sam I think they just showed us
but Michael Sam has a chance now that's
all he wants that's all he deserves to
deny him that would say more about the
NFL and more about us that it would
Michael Sam